Jaden: LAST TIME
ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
HEY, ALEXIS,
IF YOU'RE AS STRONG
AS YOU SAY YOU ARE,
WHY STAY
WITH SARTORIUS?
YOU SHOULD MAKE
YOUR OWN CHOICES,
JUST LIKE
THE OLD LEX.
STOP IT!
THERE'S ONE ALEXIS,
AND GUESS WHAT?
SHE'S NOT YOUR FRIEND
ANYMORE, DORK.
ALL RIGHT.
IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO THIS.
SORRY!
WHY?
YOU'RE ABOUT TO SEE.
NEOS, ATTACK HER
WHITE NIGHT DRAGON!
[THINKING]
THIS BETTER
GET THROUGH TO YOU.
[ALL GASP]
IT'S TIME TO MELT
THAT HEART OF ICE.
NEOS, DO YOUR THING!
AAH!
I GUESS THERE'S
ONLY ONE THING
LEFT TO DO NOW.
WHAT?
TIME...TO TAKE DOWN
SARTORIUS.
IT'S NOW OR NEVER.
WHO'S WITH ME?
SO IT'S TRUE!
JADEN IS OUR LAST HOPE!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Hassleberry:
HERE'S TO OUR LITTLE
BLUE-HAIRED BUDDY
FOR MAKING IT BACK FROM
THE HOSPITAL IN ONE PIECE!
TO SYRUS, BOYS!
Syrus: TO ME!
AND TO THAT CUTE PATIENT
IN ROOM 3!
BY THE WAY,
DID YOU GET HER NUMBER?
YOU MEAN,
DID I GET IT FOR YOU?
YEAH, WHO ELSE?
HA HA HA!
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
WHO'S KNOCKING
AT THIS HOUR?
SORRY FOR
STOPPING BY SO LATE.
AH...DO I KNOW YOU?
I WORK FOR PRINCE OJIN.
I CAME HERE TO...
WELL, IT'S A DELICATE
SITUATION.
MIGHT WE DISCUSS
THE MATTER INSIDE?
HERE, LINDA.
HAVE SOME O.J.
SQUEEZED IT MYSELF.
DID NOT!
HEH! YOU'RE TOO KIND.
I WISH THE PRINCE
HAD FRIENDS AS NICE AS YOU
BACK WHEN
HE WAS GROWING UP.
THEN PERHAPS
WE WOULDN'T BE IN THIS MESS.
WHAT KINDA MESS
ARE WE TALKIN' HERE?
I'M AFRAID
YOU'RE OUR ONLY HOPE.
THE PRINCE NEEDS YOU.
CORRECTION:
THE WHOLE WORLD NEEDS YOU!
MORE O.J.?
DID I MENTION
IT'S FRESH-SQUEEZED?
HOLD ON.
BEFORE I START
SAVING THE WORLD,
WHY DON'T YA TELL ME
WHAT'S WRONG?
YOU'RE RIGHT,
I'M GETTING AHEAD OF MYSELF.
NOW, LET'S SEE.
YOU RECEIVED A KEY,
RIGHT?
IT WAS GIVEN TO YOU
BY SARTORIUS?
HOW DID YOU KNOW?
WELL, I...LAST WEEK,
I OVERHEARD SARTORIUS
AND THE PRINCE.
LET ME
GET THIS STRAIGHT.
YOU GAVE AWAY
THE SATELLITE KEYS?!
AND TO TWO STUDENTS,
NO LESS?!
THAT'S CORRECT.
LIKE ALL THINGS
IN THE UNIVERSE,
I BELIEVE THIS
WAS MEANT TO BE.
OH, PLEASE!
IT'S A TEST--
FROM FATE.
A CHALLENGE,
IF YOU WILL.
HERE'S THE PLAN.
YOU AND I
HAVE NO CHOICE
BUT TO ANSWER
THE CALL OF DESTINY.
THEREFORE,
YOU MUST DUEL JADEN!
BUT WHY?
MY PRINCE,
YOU'RE NOT DEFYING
DESTINY, NOW, ARE YOU?
I WOULD ADVISE YOU
TO DUEL.
IS THAT CLEAR?
OF COURSE, MASTER.
EXCELLENT.
HE WENT ON TO SAY
WHOEVER WINS
DESERVES THE KEY.
NOW, THIS KEY...
WHAT'S IT DO,
EXACTLY?
THAT KEY,
ALONG WITH THE ONE
ASTER PHOENIX HOLDS,
UNLOCKS THE CONTROLS
TO OUR ROYAL SATELLITE,
WHICH HAS THE POWER
TO BRAINWASH EVERYONE ON EARTH!
[GASP]
I SHOULD'VE KNOWN!
Syrus:
OKAY, JOKE'S OVER.
WHERE'S THE HIDDEN CAMERA?
I WISH IT WAS A JOKE.
BUT THE ONLY ONE WHO'LL
BE LAUGHING IS HIM,
ONCE HE'S ABLE TO RECRUIT
THE WHOLE WORLD!
IF THAT'S TRUE,
THEN WHY DID HE
GIVE ME THE KEY?
I'M NOT SURE,
BUT I DO HAVE A THEORY.
I BELIEVE SARTORIUS
MAY HAVE TWO PERSONALITIES.
THAT'S WHAT SARINA SAID!
MY BROTHER'S SOUL
WAS SPLIT IN TWO,
AND THE SARTORIUS I KNEW
WAS GONE.
AAH!
NOW WE JUST NEED A PLAN.
HERE'S WHAT WE KNOW:
SARTORIUS' GOOD SIDE
GAVE YOU THE KEY
TO KEEP IT SAFE,
AND NOW HIS DARK SIDE
WANTS IT BACK
SO HE CAN BULLY THE WORLD
INTO JOINING HIS SOCIETY!
AND NOW...
HE'S BRAINWASHED
PRINCE OJIN,
AND HE'S USING HIS HIGHNESS
TO DO HIS DIRTY WORK!
THAT COWARD!
CAN'T SAY
I'M SURPRISED.
NOW THAT YOU KNOW
WHAT'S AT STAKE,
WILL YOU HELP, JADEN?
SURE, BUT...
WHAT IS IT
I'M S'POSTA DO?
YOU DUEL.
AND YOU MAKE SURE TO WIN!
YEAH, BUT THEN
WHAT'LL HAPPEN TO THE PRINCE?
YOU KNOW, IF I BEAT HIM
IN A DUEL.
WELL, I'M NOT SURE,
ALTHOUGH, I WAS HOPING
YOU COULD RETURN PRINCE OJIN
TO HIS OLD SELF,
JUST LIKE YOU DID
FOR ALEXIS.
ALL YOU HAD TO DO
WAS DEFEAT HER,
AND SARTORIUS' GRIP
WAS BROKEN!
THAT'S RIGHT!
AND THE SAME THING
HAPPENED WITH
MY FRIEND CHAZZ.
YOU HAVE A GIFT, JADEN.
AND THERE'S NO ONE MORE
DESERVING OF YOUR HELP
THAN MY PRINCE!
GOODNIGHT,
MY CHILD.
SLEEP WELL.
MOTHER, PLEASE.
LINDA HAD NOTHING
TO DO WITH THIS.
I WAS THE ONE
WHO BROKE
FATHER'S SCEPTER.
LINDA, PLEASE TURN DOWN
THE LIGHTS.
OF COURSE, MY QUEEN.
HAVE A GOOD NIGHT.
WE'LL DISCUSS YOUR PUNISHMENT
IN THE MORNING, OJIN.
[DOOR CLOSES]
YOU KNOW, YOU DIDN'T
HAVE TO DO THAT, MY PRINCE.
AFTER ALL,
I DID BREAK THE SCEPTER.
SO WHY DID YOU
TAKE THE BLAME?
I'LL BE FINE.
BESIDES,
YOUR PUNISHMENT
WOULD HAVE MEANT
GETTING FIRED.
BUT GETTING PUNISHED
FOR ME
MEANS NO PONY
FOR A WEEK.
I'M PRETTY SURE
I'LL SURVIVE.
GOOD NIGHT, LINDA.
Linda, voice-over:
HE WAS SO KIND,
AND YET, GROWING UP,
HE HAD NO FRIENDS.
HE'D PRETEND
IT DIDN'T BOTHER HIM,
BUT OFTEN I'D HEAR HIM
CRYING HIMSELF TO SLEEP.
[CRYING]
THIS WENT ON FOR YEARS,
AND EVENTUALLY
THE PRINCE GREW BITTER.
BUT DEEP DOWN,
HE'S A GOOD MAN.
NO FRIENDS, HUH?
I GUESS...
IF I WENT THROUGH LIFE
WITH NO PALS,
I'D BE A POMPOUS JERK, TOO.
LINDA...I'LL DO
WHATEVER I CAN TO HELP YOU.
AND HOPEFULLY, YOU'LL GET
YOUR PRINCE BACK, TOO.
IF THERE'S STILL
SOME GOOD IN HIM,
I'M GONNA FIND IT.
[SIGH]
THANK YOU, JADEN.
[CHUCKLES]
SO THE MOUSE
CONFRONTS THE CAT.
NOW, THEN,
WHY DON'T WE TAKE THIS
SOMEWHERE ELSE?
WE'RE SO
GONNA GET BUSTED.
BUT WE SNEAK IN
ALL THE TIME!
MEMORY STILL
A BIT FUZZY, LEX?
YEAH, SOME THINGS
ARE STILL A BLUR.
BUT IT'S ALL COMING BACK.
SO WHAT'S THE DEAL
WITH THIS DUEL?
DIDN'T YOU TELL HER?
YOU KNOW, ABOUT
THE BRAINWASH SATELLITE,
THE KEY?!
THE, UH, SUBJECT
NEVER REALLY CAME UP.
WHATCHA TALKIN' ABOUT?!
SOMETHING JUICY?
WELL, SPILL IT!
WELL, THERE'S
THIS SATELLITE--
UH, SATELLITE TV!
YEAH, THAT'S IT!
THE SATELLITE KEY.
YOU BROUGHT IT, RIGHT?
YUP,
IT'S RIGHT HERE.
AND UNLESS
YOU WIN THIS,
IT STAYS THERE!
HA HA!
WINNING WON'T BE AN ISSUE.
YOU KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE I COME HERE TODAY
WITH A PURPOSE!
TO HELP THE WORLD
SEE THE LIGHT!
GET REAL.
CAN'T YOU SEE THAT
YOU'VE BEEN BRAINWASHED,
BRO?
YOU'RE WRONG!
SARTORIUS IS JUST
THE FIRST PERSON
TO EVER TRULY UNDERSTAND ME!
NOW,
THAT'S JUST PLAIN SAD.
YOU'RE JUST JEALOUS
'CAUSE YOU DON'T
HAVE A FRIEND LIKE HIM!
YEAH!
MINE ARE ACTUALLY GOOD!!
'CAUSE THEY CARE!
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT FRIENDS ARE!
[GROWL]
[THINKING]
OF COURSE!
YOU'RE MY FRIEND,
TOO, PAL!
HOW CUTE.
YOU TRAVEL AROUND WITH
YOUR OWN CHEERLEADING SECTION.
CHEERLEADERS, HUH?!
NO WAY!
YOU SEE POM-POMS?!
I SEE I'VE TOUCHED
A SENSITIVE SPOT.
BUT ENOUGH
ABOUT OUR FRIENDS.
THIS DUEL
IS ABOUT YOU AND ME!
HA HA HA!
YES, MY LITTLE PAWN.
IT'S TIME TO PROVE YOUR LOYALTY
TO THE LIGHT!
GET YOUR GAME ON!
READY, PRINCE?! MY MOVE!
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL HERO
SPARKMAN!
THEN I'LL THROW DOWN
A FACEDOWN
AND CALL IT A TURN!
ALL RIGHT, FINE.
WATCH THIS!
I PLACE THIS FACEDOWN!
AND NEXT, I ACTIVATE...
MY TRAP BOOSTER SPELL CARD!
SO NOW BY DISCARDING
ONE CARD,
I CAN ACTIVATE
ANY TRAP CARD FROM MY HAND!
SO I'LL SEND
MY SATELLITE CANNON
TO THE GRAVEYARD
IN ORDER TO PLAY
CALL OF THE HAUNTED!
SO A CARD RETURNS
FROM THE GRAVE!
[ALL GASP]
AND I THINK YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS!
THE CARD I JUST TOSSED...
IS COMING BACK!
IT'S MY SATELLITE CANNON!
I KNOW.
WELL, FINE,
SMARTY PANTS.
HOW ABOUT THIS?
ARE YOU FAMILIAR
WITH RECKLESS SUMMON?
ONCE I SPECIAL SUMMON
A MONSTER,
I CAN PLAY EVERY DUPLICATE
OF THAT CARD I HAPPEN TO HAVE.
BUT YOU PROBABLY
ALREADY KNEW THAT.
AW, MAN!
HE PLAYED
3 SATELLITES
IN ONE TURN!
YEAH,
WE CAN COUNT!
THE PRINCE IS GONNA WIN
IN ONE ROUND!
NO WAY! THIS IS NUTS!
HA HA HA!
JADEN, I'M AFRAID
YOU DON'T KNOW THE HALF OF IT!
FROM MY HAND,
I ACTIVATE
THE SPELL CARD CHARGE!
SO EACH SATELLITE CANNON
GAINS 2,000 ATTACK POINTS!
HA HA HA!
LET THE FUN BEGIN!
[GRUNTS]
SATELLITE NUMBER ONE,
ATTACK HIS SPARKMAN!
OH, NO!
JADEN!
[GRUNTING]
OF COURSE,
AFTER SATELLITE CANNON ATTACKS,
ITS POWER
RETURNS TO ZERO.
LUCKILY,
I HAPPEN TO HAVE TWO LEFT!
AND UNLUCKILY FOR YOU,
THE NEXT ONE
IS PREPARING TO TAKE AIM!
AT YOUR LIFE POINTS,
THAT IS!
WHAT?!
HA HA HA!
[GRUNTING]
ONE SATELLITE LEFT.
AND THEN,
THAT KEY IS MINE!
[GRUNT]
Hassleberry:
HE LOST!
[CHUCKLING]
IT'S OVER.
All: YEAH!
IMPOSSIBLE!
OHH.
THAT WAS A CLOSE ONE.
HEY, PRINCE!
THANKS TO
MY HERO SPIRIT,
THIS GAME'S ON!
WHEN DID YOU PLAY THAT?!
BEFORE YOUR ATTACK.
SEE, WHENEVER
AN ELEMENTAL HERO
IS DESTROYED
DURING BATTLE,
THIS TRAP CARD
LETS ME REDUCE
THE ATTACK DAMAGE
TO ZERO!
IT LOOKS LIKE
MY MONSTER PALS
HAVE MY BACK, TOO!
THEY'RE YOUR CARDS,
NOT YOUR FRIENDS!
YOU MAY HAVE SURVIVED
THIS ROUND,
BUT JUST WAIT!
FACE THE FACTS, BRO!
I'VE GOT MY PALS,
AND YOU'VE
ONLY GOT YOURSELF!
I DON'T NEED FRIENDS.
I HAVE THESE!
SATELLITE CANNONS,
REPLENISH YOUR ENERGY!
YOUR MOVE.
ABOUT TIME!
LOOK OUT!
WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
LOOKS LIKE FUSION TIME!
SO I MERGE AVIAN
AND BURSTINATRIX
TO CREATE
ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN!
NOW TO COUNTERATTACK!
FLAME WINGMAN,
DISMANTLE
HIS SATELLITE CANNON!
SORRY TO DISAPPOINT,
BUT YOUR ATTACK DIDN'T EVEN
SCRATCH MY SATELLITE!
WHY NOT?
DID I NOT TELL YOU?
NO MONSTER WEAKER THAN
LEVEL 7 CAN TOUCH IT!
COULD OF SWORN
I MENTIONED THAT.
HEY, HE'S RIGHT!
WE LEARNED ABOUT THAT
IN "INTRO
TO MACHINE MONSTERS!"
THAT'S NOT ALL WE LEARNED!
WITH EVERY TURN,
THAT THING GAINS
ATTACK POINTS!
THAT MEANS THE LONGER
THEY KEEP THIS DUEL GOING,
THE STRONGER IT GETS!
COME ON!
DOUBLE-TIME, SOLDIER!
I PLAY ONE CARD FACEDOWN,
AND THAT'LL DO IT.
NOW, THAT'S JUST SAD!
I ACTIVATE THE UNION ATTACK
SPELL CARD!
NOW ONLY ONE
OF MY SATELLITES
IS ALLOWED TO ATTACK.
SO I SELECT
SATELLITE NUMBER 3!
NOW THE MONSTER
I'VE CHOSEN
ABSORBS THE ATTACK POINTS
OF THE OTHER TWO!
[GASP]
I COUNT 3,000 POINTS.
HOW 'BOUT YOU?
SO MUCH FOR THOSE SO-CALLED
"FRIENDS" OF YOURS!
SATELLITE CANNON,
BURN HIS WINGMAN
TO A CRISP!
SURE, YOU LOST
YOUR ONLY MONSTER,
BUT LOOK
AT THE BRIGHT SIDE.
YOUR LIFE POINTS WERE SPARED
THANKS TO MY CARD'S EFFECT!
NOW I REPLENISH THE ENERGY
OF ALL 3 SATELLITES
AND END MY TURN.
HEY, LOOK!
TOLD YOU
THEY'D GET STRONGER!
GREAT.
[SIGH]
ALL RIGHT.
HERE GOES SOMETHING!
I ACTIVATE
MY MIRACLE FUSION SPELL!
SO ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS REMOVE TWO MONSTERS
FROM MY GRAVEYARD,
LIKE SPARKMAN
AND WINGMAN.
THEN I CAN BRING OUT
THIS BAD BOY!
HE JUST SUMMONED
ELEMENTAL HERO
SHINING FLARE WINGMAN!!
OF COURSE!
WHAT'D EXPECT?!
THE MONSTERS
IN MY GRAVEYARD
GIVE WINGMAN A BOOST!
SO THANKS TO AVIAN
AND ELEMENTAL HERO
BURSTINATRIX,
WINGMAN GAINS ANOTHER
600 POINTS!
SHINING FLARE WINGMAN,
ATTACK!
DISASSEMBLE
THE SATELLITE CANNON
WITH THE FEWEST
ATTACK POINTS!
AAH!
YOU LIKE THAT?!
BECAUSE
THERE'S PLENTY MORE
WHERE THAT CAME FROM!
MY FRIENDS ARE JUST
GETTING WARMED UP!
ISN'T THAT RIGHT,
PAL?
[CHIRPS]
[GROWL]
[LAUGHTER]
WHAT'S THAT?
MY PRINCE,
PUT YOUR TRUST IN FATE.
AND DON'T FORGET,
THAT KEY IS DESTINED
TO BE WITH US.
I WON'T
LET YOU DOWN, SIR.
FINISH HIM OFF
SO WE CAN TAKE WHAT'S OURS.
OF COURSE.
AH,
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I DON'T KNOW!
HOW'D HE GET ON THE TV?
WITH THAT FACE,
HE BELONGS ON RADIO!
[CHUCKLE]
AND YOU THOUGHT
I WAS IN THIS DUEL ALONE.
LOOKS LIKE I DO
HAVE A FRIEND, AFTER ALL.
MOVING ON...
I ACTIVATE DEBRIS STATION!
WHAT'S THE DEAL?!
WHY DID YOU
DESTROY THEM ALL?!
SO I CAN BUILD
SOMETHING BETTER!
DEBRIS STATION GATHERS
THE SHATTERED PIECES
OF MY SATELLITES
AND USES THEM TO
CREATE A STRONGER ONE!
SATELLITE LASER BALSAM,
SHOW YOURSELF!
THANKS TO DEBRIS STATION,
SATELLITE LASER BALSAM
GAINS 3,000 POINTS!
TIME TO HAND OVER THAT KEY.
THIS DUEL'S NOT DONE!
THE TIME HAS COME
TO FEEL THE POWER
OF THE LIGHT!
THE LIGHT
OF DESTRUCTION,
IT RADIATES WITHIN ME!
NOW WITNESS MY STRENGTH!
I ACTIVATE
MY BOOK OF MOON SPELL!
SO YOUR FLARE WINGMAN
SWITCHES INTO DEFENSE MODE!
WHAT'D DO THAT FOR?
[CHUCKLE]
PREPARING
FOR YOUR DEFEAT!
TAKE A LOOK.
YOU'RE RIGHT IN
BALSAM'S RANGE!
[GASP]
BALSAM, IT'S TIME TO
RAIN FIRE ON HIS WINGMAN!
YOU PUT HIM IN DEFENSE!
WHICH MEANS
MY LIFE POINTS ARE SAFE!
NORMALLY, YES,
BUT IN THIS CASE,
SINCE WINGMAN
IS IN DEFENSE MODE
AND BECAUSE BALSAM
HAS MORE ATTACK POINTS,
THE DIFFERENCE
IN THEIR POINTS
COMES OUT OF YOUR SCORE!
NO WAY!
REFLECTORS
ARE STANDING BY!
ENERGY REPLENISH IS COMPLETE!
NOW, FIRE!
HA HA HA!
YOU KNOW WHAT I SAY?
HAVE ALL THE FRIENDS
YOU WANT!
AS FOR ME,
I'LL SETTLE FOR
THE GREATEST POWER ON EARTH!
OH, YEAH?
WELL, TELL ME SOMETHING.
WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN POWER'S NOT ENOUGH?
COME ON, GUYS! UNITE!
SHOW HIM
WHAT TEAMWORK CAN DO!
WHAT'S THIS?
I ACTIVATE
MY REFLECTOR RAY!
WHEN MY FUSION MONSTER'S
CRUSHED,
THE MONSTERS
USED TO CREATE IT
ACT AS A MIRROR
AND REFLECT THE DAMAGE
BACK TO YOU!
SO YOU LOSE LIFE POINTS
EQUAL TO 300 MULTIPLIED
BY MY FUSION MONSTER'S
LEVEL!
IT CAN'T BE!
WHAT WAS THAT
YOU SAID BEFORE?
"POWER WINS
OVER FRIENDSHIP"?
CARE TO TAKE THAT BACK?
[SCREAMING]
NEXT TIME,
I SHALL DUEL!
WAY TO PLAY!
GO, JAY!
THANKS, GUYS.
HMM?
SARTORIUS?
WHERE ARE YOU?
GREAT. HE ABANDONED ME.
I'M ALONE AGAIN.
AW, COME ON, BRO.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
YOU'VE STILL
GOT SOMEBODY.
WHO?
PRINCE OJIN.
LINDA! HOW LONG HAVE
YOU BEEN HERE?
I'VE ALWAYS BEEN HERE,
STANDING BY YOUR SIDE.
EVEN WHEN YOU
WEREN'T YOURSELF,
I NEVER GAVE UP.
DO YOU KNOW WHY,
PRINCE?
YOU'RE MY FRIEND.
[THINKING]
I KEPT THE KEY FROM FALLING
INTO THE WRONG HANDS,
BUT ASTER'S KEY
IS STILL FAIR GAME!
IT'S TIME TO PUT A STOP TO
SARTORIUS ONCE AND FOR ALL.
Syrus: JADEN?!
Alexis: COME BACK!
Hassleberry:
WHERE YOU GOIN',
SARGE?
WAIT FOR US!
GOOD LUCK, JADEN.
HE'LL NEED IT.
♪ CHILLING OUT
WITH THE CREW IN
THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪